README.md, before:

# Tapioca
## An portable, lightweight editor in nearly strict posix shell and non-GNU coreutils

## Intro
Tapioca is built to be as portable as possible out of the box, without sacrificing usability.
tapioca.sh is the original, posix sh version, although it was too slow and inflexible to be brought up to standard. It is kept here for reference

It was built to fill a space that doesn't really exist currently, in that there are two core concepts it fulfils:
 - The most portable software is interpreted, as it will then run on any architechture or standard implementation
 - The closest thing to a standard "interpreter" is awk

## Rules
 - Portability is primary, but ease of use / extensibility is also an important factor. Therefore, functions may be implemented in a way that allows them to be workarounds for limitations or bugs on certain platforms / enviroments, such as 256 / rgb colors and xterm mouse support


## Basic keybinds
 - Arrows to move around
 - Any normal key without modifiers has no effect and will just insert itself into the buffer
 - Delete, Backspace, Newline, Tab etc work as you would expect
 - Home and End go to the start and end of a file respectively
 - PageUp / PageDown go up and down by the current height of the display
 - ctrl+Q to quit
 - ctrl+O to open a new file
 - ctrl+S to save

Commit message:

Update to reflect change back to POSIX sh

README.md, after:

# Tapioca
## An portable, lightweight editor in nearly strict posix shell and non-GNU coreutils

## Intro
Tapioca is built to be as portable as possible out of the box, without sacrificing usability.

It was built to fill a space that doesn't really exist currently, in that there are two core concepts it fulfils:
 - The most portable software is interpreted, as it will then run on any architechture or standard implementation
 - The closest thing to a standard "interpreter" is sh (although technichally that priviledge may be given to awk)  

## Rules
 - Portability is primary, but ease of use / extensibility is also an important factor. Therefore, functions may be implemented in a way that allows them to be workarounds for limitations or bugs on certain platforms / enviroments, such as 256 / rgb colors and xterm mouse support

## Basic keybinds
 - Arrows to move around
 - Any normal key without modifiers has no effect and will just insert itself into the buffer
 - Delete, Backspace, Newline, Tab etc work as you would expect
 - Home and End go to the start and end of a file respectively
 - PageUp / PageDown go up and down by the current height of the display
 - ctrl+Q to quit
 - ctrl+O to open a new file
 - ctrl+S to save

## Shells
bash, ash, dash, ksh93 - working, fast  
oksh - works, very slow  
yash - doesn't work as yash printf hasnt got padding format specifier  
zsh - doesn't work. fixable, but fix breaks bash, so not going to for now
